Clarify how isInstanceOwner works with a table (#156)
vrchat-community/creator-docs: Docs/docs/worlds/udon/networking/network-components.md

**IsClogged** - returns true if there is too much data trying to get out. You can use this to hold off some operations or adjust your logic.

> **IsInstanceOwner** - returns true if the Local Player is the one who created the instance. False when in Build & Test and Unity Playmode. This value is controllable in Clientsim. Here is a table showing when this will be true
> | Instance Type | Will be true for |
> |---------------|------------------|
> | Public        | Nobody           |
> | Friends+      | Instance Creator |
> | Friends       | Instance Creator |
> | Invite+       | Instance Creator |
> | Invite        | Instance Creator |
> | Group+        | Nobody           |
> | Group         | Nobody           |
> | Group Public  | Nobody           |

Reviewer: I would suggest rephrasing the last two sentences and making the table more compact.
```suggestion
**IsInstanceOwner** - returns true if the Local Player is the one who created the instance. False when in Build & Test and Unity Playmode. This value is controllable in ClientSim.

| Instance Type | Value of IsInstanceOwner |
| ------------- | ---------------- |
| Invite/Invite+<br/>Friends/Friends+ | `true` for the instance creator, otherwise `false`. |
| Group/Group+/Group Public<br/>Public | Always `false`.           |
```
